Add documentation about `DerivedStore` (#820)
effector/effector: docs/api/effector/Effect.md

## Effect Properties

> You are not supposed to [sample](./sample.md) to parts of effect (even though it consists of events and stores), since it's a complete entity on its own. This behavior will not be supported.

Reviewer: мб тут to на target заменить?

Author: @YanLobat Можешь предложить suggestion? я не оч понимаю какой именно to поменять.

Reviewer 2: Maybe smth like this:
```suggestion
You are not supposed to use parts of effect (like `.done` and `.pending`) as a target in [sample](./sample.md) or [forward](./forward.md) (even though they are events and stores), since effect is a complete entity on its own. This behavior will not be supported.
```
